docs: copy operator installation notes from 2.1 to 2.2 (#4037)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.2/projects/applications/catalog-applications/dkp-applications/custom-resources-workspace-catalog/kafka/index.md

To get started with creating and managing a Kafka Cluster in a project, you first need to deploy the [Kafka operator](../../../../../../workspaces/applications/catalog-applications/dkp-applications/kafka-operator/) and the [ZooKeeper operator](../../../../../../workspaces/applications/catalog-applications/dkp-applications/zookeeper-operator/) in the workspace where the project exists.

After deploying the Kafka operator, create Kafka Clusters by applying a `KafkaCluster` custom resource **on each attached cluster** in a project's namespace. Refer to the [Kafka operator repository](https://github.com/banzaicloud/koperator/tree/master/config/samples) for examples of the custom resources and their configurations.

## Example deployment

> <p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>The Custom Resources must be applied to each attached cluster in a project.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>Apply the Custom Resources to each attached cluster in a project.</p>
```
